main_1

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_1.tf line 82, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "crm-server":
  82:     ssh-keys = "ubuntu:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}"
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_1.tf line 112, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "internet-shop":
 112:     ssh-keys = "ubuntu:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}"
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.

Error: Unsupported argument

  on main_1.tf line 146, in resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "mysql-cluster":
 146:     security_group_ids = [yandex_vpc_security_group.internal-traffic.id]

An argument named "security_group_ids" is not expected here.
main_2

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_2.tf line 82, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "crm-server":
  82:     ssh-keys = "ubuntu:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}"
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_2.tf line 112, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "internet-shop":
 112:     ssh-keys = "ubuntu:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}"
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.

Error: Unsupported argument

  on main_2.tf line 146, in resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "mysql-cluster":
 146:     security_group_ids = [yandex_vpc_security_group.internal-traffic.id]

An argument named "security_group_ids" is not expected here.
main_3

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_3.tf line 82, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "crm-server":
  82:     ssh-keys = "ubuntu:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}"
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_3.tf line 112, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "internet-shop":
 112:     ssh-keys = "ubuntu:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}"
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.

Error: Unsupported argument

  on main_3.tf line 146, in resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "mysql-cluster":
 146:     security_group_ids = [yandex_vpc_security_group.internal-traffic.id]

An argument named "security_group_ids" is not expected here.
