main_1

Error: Duplicate provider configuration

  on main_1.tf line 36:
  36: provider "yandex" {

A default (non-aliased) provider configuration for "yandex" was already given
at main_1.tf:9,1-18. If multiple configurations are required, set the "alias"
argument for alternative configurations.
main_2

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_2.tf line 136, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "crm_vm":
 136:     ssh-keys = "ubuntu:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}" # Указать путь к публичному SSH-ключу
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_2.tf line 165, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "shop_vm":
 165:     ssh-keys = "ubuntu:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}" # Указать путь к публичному SSH-ключу
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.
main_3

Warning: Argument is deprecated

  with yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster.mysql,
  on main_3.tf line 109, in resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "mysql":
 109: resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "mysql" {

to manage users, please switch to using a separate resource type
yandex_mdb_mysql_user

(and one more similar warning elsewhere)

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_3.tf line 76, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "crm_vm":
  76:     ssh-keys = "ubuntu:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}" # Указать путь к вашему публичному SSH-ключу
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_3.tf line 104, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "shop_vm":
 104:     ssh-keys = "ubuntu:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}" # Указать путь к вашему публичному SSH-ключу
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.
