main_1

Error: Duplicate required providers configuration

  on main_1.tf line 16, in terraform:
  16:   required_providers {

A module may have only one required providers configuration. The required
providers were previously configured at main_1.tf:2,3-21.

Error: Function calls not allowed

  on main_1.tf line 40, in variable "ssh_public_key":
  40:   default     = file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")

Functions may not be called here.
main_2

Warning: Argument is deprecated

  with yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster.mysql_db,
  on main_2.tf line 78, in resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "mysql_db":
  78: resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "mysql_db" {

to manage databases, please switch to using a separate resource type
yandex_mdb_mysql_database

(and one more similar warning elsewhere)

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_2.tf line 139, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "crm_server":
 139:     ssh-keys = "ubuntu:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}"
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_2.tf line 169, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "online_store":
 169:     ssh-keys = "ubuntu:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}"
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.
main_3

Warning: Argument is deprecated

  with yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster.main_db_cluster,
  on main_3.tf line 142, in resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "main_db_cluster":
 142: resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "main_db_cluster" {

to manage users, please switch to using a separate resource type
yandex_mdb_mysql_user

(and one more similar warning elsewhere)

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_3.tf line 105, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "crm_server":
 105:     ssh-keys = "ubuntu:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}"
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_3.tf line 134, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "online_store":
 134:     ssh-keys = "ubuntu:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}"
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.
