main_1

Warning: Argument is deprecated

  with yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster.mysql_db,
  on main_1.tf line 71, in resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "mysql_db":
  71: resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "mysql_db" {

to manage users, please switch to using a separate resource type
yandex_mdb_mysql_user

(and one more similar warning elsewhere)

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_1.tf line 38, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "crm_vm":
  38:     ssh-keys = "ubuntu:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}"
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_1.tf line 66, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "shop_vm":
  66:     ssh-keys = "ubuntu:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}"
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.
 
main_2

Warning: Argument is deprecated

  with yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster.mysql_db,
  on main_2.tf line 71, in resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "mysql_db":
  71: resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "mysql_db" {

to manage databases, please switch to using a separate resource type
yandex_mdb_mysql_database

(and one more similar warning elsewhere)

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_2.tf line 38, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "crm_vm":
  38:     ssh-keys = "ubuntu:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}"
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_2.tf line 66, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "shop_vm":
  66:     ssh-keys = "ubuntu:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}"
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.
 
main_3

Warning: Argument is deprecated

  with yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster.mysql_db,
  on main_3.tf line 93, in resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "mysql_db":
  93: resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "mysql_db" {

to manage databases, please switch to using a separate resource type
yandex_mdb_mysql_database

(and one more similar warning elsewhere)

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_3.tf line 60, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "crm_vm":
  60:     ssh-keys = "ubuntu:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}"
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_3.tf line 88, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "shop_vm":
  88:     ssh-keys = "ubuntu:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}"
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.
