main_1

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_1.tf line 78, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "crm":
  78:     ssh-keys = "ubuntu:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}"
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_1.tf line 109, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "shop":
 109:     ssh-keys = "ubuntu:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}"
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.
main_2

Error: Unsupported argument

  on main_2.tf line 57, in resource "yandex_vpc_security_group" "mysql":
  57:     security_group = yandex_vpc_security_group.vm_internal.id

An argument named "security_group" is not expected here.

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_2.tf line 89, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "crm":
  89:     ssh-keys = "ubuntu:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}"
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_2.tf line 120, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "shop":
 120:     ssh-keys = "ubuntu:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}"
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.
main_3

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_3.tf line 85, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "crm":
  85:     ssh-keys = "ubuntu:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}"
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_3.tf line 116, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "shop":
 116:     ssh-keys = "ubuntu:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}"
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.
