main_1

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_1.tf line 38, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "crm-vm":
  38:     ssh-keys = "ubuntu:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}"
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_1.tf line 63, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "shop-vm":
  63:     ssh-keys = "ubuntu:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}"
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.

Error: Missing required argument

  on main_1.tf line 78, in resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "mysql-cluster":
  78: resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "mysql-cluster" {

The argument "version" is required, but no definition was found.
 
main_2

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_2.tf line 39, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "crm-vm":
  39:     ssh-keys = "ubuntu:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}"
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_2.tf line 65, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "shop-vm":
  65:     ssh-keys = "ubuntu:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}"
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.

Error: Missing required argument

  on main_2.tf line 69, in resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "mysql-cluster":
  69: resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "mysql-cluster" {

The argument "version" is required, but no definition was found.
 
main_3

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_3.tf line 38, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "crm-vm":
  38:     ssh-keys = "ubuntu:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}"
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_3.tf line 63, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "shop-vm":
  63:     ssh-keys = "ubuntu:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}"
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.

Error: Missing required argument

  on main_3.tf line 78, in resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "mysql-cluster":
  78: resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "mysql-cluster" {

The argument "version" is required, but no definition was found.
