main_1

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_1.tf line 69, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "crm":
  69:     ssh-keys = "ubuntu:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}"
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_1.tf line 97, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "shop":
  97:     ssh-keys = "ubuntu:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}"
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.
main_2

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_2.tf line 43, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "crm_vm":
  43:     ssh-keys = "ubuntu:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}"
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_2.tf line 70, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "ecommerce_vm":
  70:     ssh-keys = "ubuntu:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}"
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.

Error: Missing required argument

  on main_2.tf line 74, in resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "mysql_db":
  74: resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "mysql_db" {

The argument "version" is required, but no definition was found.
main_3

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_3.tf line 70, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "crm":
  70:     ssh-keys = "ubuntu:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}" # Убедитесь что файл существует
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_3.tf line 98, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "ecommerce":
  98:     ssh-keys = "ubuntu:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}" # Убедитесь что файл существует
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.

Error: Missing required argument

  on main_3.tf line 103, in resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "mysql":
 103: resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "mysql" {

The argument "version" is required, but no definition was found.
