main_1

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_1.tf line 77, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "crm":
  77:     ssh-keys = "ubuntu:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}"
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_1.tf line 103, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "shop":
 103:     ssh-keys = "ubuntu:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}"
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.

Error: Missing required argument

  on main_1.tf line 107, in resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "default":
 107: resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "default" {

The argument "version" is required, but no definition was found.

Error: Insufficient resources blocks

  on main_1.tf line 107, in resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "default":
 107: resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "default" {

At least 1 "resources" blocks are required.

Error: Unsupported block type

  on main_1.tf line 112, in resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "default":
 112:   config {

Blocks of type "config" are not expected here.
main_2

Error: Unsupported argument

  on main_2.tf line 75, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "crm_vm":
  75:       image_family = var.vm_image_family

An argument named "image_family" is not expected here.

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_2.tf line 85, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "crm_vm":
  85:     ssh-keys = "${var.vm_username}:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}"
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.

Error: Unsupported argument

  on main_2.tf line 102, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "shop_vm":
 102:       image_family = var.vm_image_family

An argument named "image_family" is not expected here.

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_2.tf line 112, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "shop_vm":
 112:     ssh-keys = "${var.vm_username}:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}"
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.

Error: Missing required argument

  on main_2.tf line 120, in resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "mysql_cluster":
 120: resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "mysql_cluster" {

The argument "version" is required, but no definition was found.

Error: Insufficient resources blocks

  on main_2.tf line 120, in resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "mysql_cluster":
 120: resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "mysql_cluster" {

At least 1 "resources" blocks are required.

Error: Unsupported block type

  on main_2.tf line 125, in resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "mysql_cluster":
 125:   config {

Blocks of type "config" are not expected here.
main_3

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_3.tf line 61, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "crm":
  61:     ssh-keys = "ubuntu:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}" # Замените на путь к вашему публичному ключу
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_3.tf line 88, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "store":
  88:     ssh-keys = "ubuntu:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}"
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.

Error: Missing required argument

  on main_3.tf line 103, in resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "mysql":
 103: resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "mysql" {

The argument "version" is required, but no definition was found.

Error: Insufficient resources blocks

  on main_3.tf line 103, in resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "mysql":
 103: resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "mysql" {

At least 1 "resources" blocks are required.

Error: Unsupported block type

  on main_3.tf line 108, in resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "mysql":
 108:   config {

Blocks of type "config" are not expected here.
