main_1

Warning: Argument is deprecated

  with yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster.mysql_cluster,
  on main_1.tf line 163, in resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "mysql_cluster":
 163: resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "mysql_cluster" {

to manage users, please switch to using a separate resource type
yandex_mdb_mysql_user

(and one more similar warning elsewhere)

Warning: default_authentication_plugin

  with yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster.mysql_cluster,
  on main_1.tf line 175, in resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "mysql_cluster":
 175:   mysql_config = {
 176:     sql_mode                      = "ONLY_FULL_GROUP_BY,STRICT_TRANS_TABLES,NO_ZERO_IN_DATE,NO_ZERO_DATE,ERROR_FOR_DIVISION_BY_ZERO,NO_AUTO_CREATE_USER,NO_ENGINE_SUBSTITUTION"
 177:     max_connections               = 100
 178:     default_authentication_plugin = "mysql_native_password"
 179:   }


Warning: sql_mode

  with yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster.mysql_cluster,
  on main_1.tf line 175, in resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "mysql_cluster":
 175:   mysql_config = {
 176:     sql_mode                      = "ONLY_FULL_GROUP_BY,STRICT_TRANS_TABLES,NO_ZERO_IN_DATE,NO_ZERO_DATE,ERROR_FOR_DIVISION_BY_ZERO,NO_AUTO_CREATE_USER,NO_ENGINE_SUBSTITUTION"
 177:     max_connections               = 100
 178:     default_authentication_plugin = "mysql_native_password"
 179:   }


Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_1.tf line 119, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "crm_vm":
 119:     ssh-keys = "ubuntu:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}"
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_1.tf line 120, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "crm_vm":
 120:     user-data = "#cloud-config\nusers:\n  - name: ubuntu\n    groups: sudo\n    shell: /bin/bash\n    sudo: ['ALL=(ALL) NOPASSWD:ALL']\n    ssh-authorized-keys:\n      - ${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}"
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_1.tf line 153, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "shop_vm":
 153:     ssh-keys = "ubuntu:${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}"
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.

Error: Invalid function argument

  on main_1.tf line 154, in resource "yandex_compute_instance" "shop_vm":
 154:     user-data = "#cloud-config\nusers:\n  - name: ubuntu\n    groups: sudo\n    shell: /bin/bash\n    sudo: ['ALL=(ALL) NOPASSWD:ALL']\n    ssh-authorized-keys:\n      - ${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}"
    ├────────────────
    │ while calling file(path)

Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub";
this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the
configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in
this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of
that resource.

Error: Check Fail key mysql_config.default_authentication_plugin value: mysql_native_password err: Value mysql_native_password is not in enum

  with yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster.mysql_cluster,
  on main_1.tf line 175, in resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "mysql_cluster":
 175:   mysql_config = {
 176:     sql_mode                      = "ONLY_FULL_GROUP_BY,STRICT_TRANS_TABLES,NO_ZERO_IN_DATE,NO_ZERO_DATE,ERROR_FOR_DIVISION_BY_ZERO,NO_AUTO_CREATE_USER,NO_ENGINE_SUBSTITUTION"
 177:     max_connections               = 100
 178:     default_authentication_plugin = "mysql_native_password"
 179:   }


Error: Check Fail key mysql_config.sql_mode value: ONLY_FULL_GROUP_BY,STRICT_TRANS_TABLES,NO_ZERO_IN_DATE,NO_ZERO_DATE,ERROR_FOR_DIVISION_BY_ZERO,NO_AUTO_CREATE_USER,NO_ENGINE_SUBSTITUTION err: Value NO_AUTO_CREATE_USER is not in enum

  with yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster.mysql_cluster,
  on main_1.tf line 175, in resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "mysql_cluster":
 175:   mysql_config = {
 176:     sql_mode                      = "ONLY_FULL_GROUP_BY,STRICT_TRANS_TABLES,NO_ZERO_IN_DATE,NO_ZERO_DATE,ERROR_FOR_DIVISION_BY_ZERO,NO_AUTO_CREATE_USER,NO_ENGINE_SUBSTITUTION"
 177:     max_connections               = 100
 178:     default_authentication_plugin = "mysql_native_password"
 179:   }

main_2

Warning: Argument is deprecated

  with yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster.mysql,
  on main_2.tf line 218, in resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "mysql":
 218: resource "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "mysql" {

to manage users, please switch to using a separate resource type
yandex_mdb_mysql_user

(and one more similar warning elsewhere)
Success! The configuration is valid, but there were some validation warnings
as shown above.

main_3

Error: Invalid data source

  on main_3.tf line 18, in data "yandex_compute_zones" "available":
  18: data "yandex_compute_zones" "available" {}

The provider yandex-cloud/yandex does not support data source
"yandex_compute_zones".
